Home.md, before:

### Hi! We've since migrated our wiki over to a standalone documentation portal found at https://docs.nodebb.org/
**Don't forget to visit our community forums at http://community.nodebb.org**

Report any issues to this project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/designcreateplay/NodeBB/issues).

The project's rough roadmap/version history can be found at [[Version History / Roadmap|Version-History-&-Roadmap]]

----

## Helping out the NodeBB Project

NodeBB is an open source project, and will forever remain free. Here's a number of ways you can help us, even if you aren't a programmer.

* [Like and share our content on Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/NodeBB)
* [Follow us on Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/NodeBB) and perhaps tweet `#NodeBB is most awesome forum software @NodeBB`
* Update this wiki! ;) We need everything from development/design tutorials to user friendly how-to guides.
* Tell everybody about NodeBB, including your grandma and her cats.
* [Submit a pull request, or two, or three..](http://www.github.com/designcreateplay/NodeBB)
* Build a new theme
* Write a plugin
* Keep the link back to us on the footer of your own NodeBB :)
* Blog about us! Give the gift of SEO juice this Christmas
* [Help Translate NodeBB](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/nodebb/) - It's a really simple translation tool and you don't need to know how to code.
* Join our [community](http://community.nodebb.org) and give us a hard time about bugs and missing features

Commit message:

updated main page of wiki with link to plugin hooks

Home.md, after:

# NodeBB Developer Wiki

Welcome to the NodeBB Developer Wiki. The vast majority of documentation can be found at our [documentation portal - https://docs.nodebb.org](https://docs.nodebb.org/).

Questions and comments? Please visit our community forums at https://community.nodebb.org. Report any issues to this project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/NodeBB/NodeBB/issues).

## Table of Contents

* [[Version History / Roadmap|Version-History-&-Roadmap]]
* [[Plugin Hooks]]

----

## Helping out the NodeBB Project

NodeBB is an open source project, and will forever remain free. Here's a number of ways you can help us, even if you aren't a programmer.

* [Like and share our content on Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/NodeBB)
* [Follow us on Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/NodeBB) and perhaps tweet `#NodeBB is most awesome forum software @NodeBB`
* Update this wiki! ;) We need everything from development/design tutorials to user friendly how-to guides.
* Tell everybody about NodeBB, including your grandma and her cats.
* [Submit a pull request, or two, or three..](http://www.github.com/designcreateplay/NodeBB)
* Build a new theme
* Write a plugin
* Keep the link back to us on the footer of your own NodeBB :)
* Blog about us! Give the gift of SEO juice this Christmas
* [Help Translate NodeBB](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/nodebb/) - It's a really simple translation tool and you don't need to know how to code.
* Join our [community](http://community.nodebb.org) and give us a hard time about bugs and missing features
